Adding note about headless vs gui-enabled erlang (#1246)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/mix-otp/dynamic-supervisor.markdown

iex> :observer.start
```

> > Note: If you receive an `{:error...` tuple that mentions 'No driver found', ensure that you have installed `erlang` and not the headless `erlang-nox` package from your package manager. You can continue using the headless version, but will have no GUI tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you receive an `{:error, ...}` tuple that mentions "No driver found", ensure that you have installed `erlang` and not the headless `erlang-nox` package from your package manager. You can continue using the headless version, but you will have no GUI tools.
```

> > Note: If you receive an `{:error, ...}` tuple that mentions "No driver found", ensure that you have installed `erlang` and not the headless `erlang-nox` package from your package manager. You can continue using the headless version, but you will have no GUI tools.

Reviewer 2: The erlang-nox is specific to certain packager managers but others may have the same issue with other names. My suggestion is something like this:

```suggestion
> Note: Some distributions and package managers do not install Erlang's complete standard library when you install Erlang. Therefore, if you receive an `{:error, ...}` tuple that mentions "No driver found" or similar, make sure that you have installed the complete version of Erlang or at least include its WX bindings. If you prefer, you can continue using your current version, but you will have no GUI tools.
```

Thoughts?
